The Joe Rogan.
Experience. My first computer was the, um, Sinclair ZX,
80 Sinclair.
ZX. I've.
Never even heard. And I built my own modem, uh, which was,
I think basically like, I dunno, five bod, I guess, um, to commute.
And it was an acoustic modem, you know, so we basically ripped open a phone,
put the two pieces in boxes and then put another hand site on top.
Here. Jamie's got it. That's.
It, man. Sinclair ZX, 80.
Duty. You did that at five bod.
I remember when they switched from 14 for.
But this is way before that.
And then my dad always had computers around the house and I was online on, uh,
uh, very early in. That's amazing. Look at that thing.
So I was hacking with that stuff. Wow. And then, you know,
the trash 80 T no T rest 100,
which was kind of a laptop on batteries, uh, Vic 20 Commodore 64.
So when this first started happening and you started getting going unused net,
and when you started to getting a taste of the internet,
like my experience was all I got,
I picked up an apple home computer from one of them office stores,
whatever the chain was. I don't even think they're around anymore. It was like,
it was actually oh, comp USA. That's what it was. That's what it was.
So a computer Superstore. Yeah.
My friend Robbie used to actually make computers or sell computers for a living.
So he was telling me what to get and I got home and I somehow,
or another connected to AOL.
And then I remember going to the first thing I did was go and try to find UFO
files. That's all I was trying to find, like,
what are the government's files on UFO's I want to read whatever the you can
read. I want to, you know, I want to know what they know.
I was downloading all this from these like crude AOL boards
and like these online searches, we get online search things.
He needs just Archie. Yeah. You would get all the paperwork.
The search engine, Archie, Archie. And then you had Veronica,
they would search different types of servers. Remember gopher.
Do you ever get into gopher gopher? I don't remember either.
That was PR so check this out.
Jamie does Jamie's go for was basically the worldwide web only.
There was no web.
And so you could log on to a terminal and you could use a menu system.
So basically with the arrow keys,
but if you go to the right and you might be connecting to a different computer
at a different university, I E different server, and then you could have a, uh,
so it was basically all these, um,
information documents linking to each other. And I started one,
I registered mtv.com, which was, and I went to him and said, Hey,
I want to, uh, I'm gonna do this thing on the internet, uh,
where a lot of our audiences, uh, and I want to register mtv.com. Yeah,
that's cool. Don't worry about it. We have the AOL keywords.
So you go ahead and do your little unit, that thing there, son,
do whatever you want. We have the AOL.
Key is literally what they said, locked up, bro. I got the internet.
So I had this goal and I'm promoting it on air, you know,
go to mtv.com for my gopher server. Yeah. It wild.
You could do then at MTV. Yeah. And uh, in fact, I,
I first I got an email from the university of Michigan or that the gophers is
that their symbol, I dunno, Michigan, Michigan, Minnesota, Minnesota. Oh my God.
Thank you. Um, and they said, dude,
you're using this commercially. You have to pay us $5,000 for a license.
I'm like just for the server software, which is open, you know, free. But they,
something in the license, I'm doing this just on my own. They don't give a.
I'm just doing this. I don't have $5,000. It really didn't. I don't $5,000.
I said, if you send me a t-shirt, I'll wear it on MTV. And I said, okay.
And I asked him, I have a document.
You can see that there's a video on YouTube of me with a gopher t-shirt on MTV
and then went like, oh man. Cause it's cool. Anyway,
then that's cool on them too.
So I got this set up and then I got an email from this guy in sham, uh,
champagne, Urbana, Illinois. And he's like, Hey Adam,
see what you're doing with mtv.com. Look,
I got this thing that I've created this mosaic browser.
And can you install the server HTTP D one dot four or whatever.
And that was Marc Andreessen, the guy who went on to create a Netscape. Wow.
And you know, it was now one of the biggest, uh, VC in, uh, in Silicon valley.
And when I saw that, oh,
this is like graphic, like a webpage.
Remember we used to images would take a long time to load first would be black
and white progressively loading and become color like, oh,
like a porn picture took an hour to download just poop. Poop.
Yeah. I remember the first time a friend sent me a porn video. He's like,
look at this. I was like, what? They can send a.
Video and it wasn't. Do you remember what it was? The girl giving.
The guy a blow job. And it only lasted like 15 of course.
And that was, you know,
and it took you two hours to download forever to download you.
Remember I using it,
you would download from 15 different things and you'd get like all these
different files. And you had a program that put it back together.
Yeah. When you remember the birth of the internet,
when you remember first getting on it and seeing the expansion,
was there ever a moment? When was the moment I should say, well, obviously now,
today we all realize it's how to out of control and it's just wild.
So it's a very strange thing that's taking over our lives.
And then w w I want to talk about neural link to woods.
I'm sure you know something about that. About Elon Musk's invention link.
I know a little bit about it.
But when you, when you saw it kind of getting away,
like when was the moment or w where you were like,
this is a very strange thing. That's never happened to people before?
Well, I knew I had the online part figured out because I ran a bulletin board.
You might remember though,
as you could call in only be like five lines and you go in and do your business
and then get out. And, oh, this has gotta be,
uh, early eighties, maybe even late seventies.
Time for innovation there, right? This big, long stretches where.
Things don't get any better. Well, the speeds got marginally better.
People got more phone lines that the computers were able to do more.
Then there are also some other things happening. We had, um, windows, windows,
95 came into play. So now people were, you know,
were in a different world of computing. It used to be dos, uh, and people have,
you know, WordPerfect, and then all of a sudden, you know,
we have a, an interface on top of it. You know, we didn't have that.
So that starts to teach people how to deal with the environment. Um,
so that was all there, but the internet itself would be
1987. And I logged in to get on the internet.
You had to log into a dial-up account, launch,
a PPP session or slip,
and then you had to launch the software on your computer,
and then you could open a terminal and you could type things like Telnet,
and then, uh, a domain name or even an IP address.
It could connect to someone else's thing and kind of look around.
It was just all text-based. But that for me was like, holy,
you can connect from one to the next. I understood the hyperlinking.
I understood how powerful that would be.
And if I just had a little computer today on my desk,
I had a Mac plus with a gigantic external 20
megabytes, scuzzy hard drive, 20 megabytes. I mean, that's an empty word doc,
you know? So that big thing like that, um, I just knew it was like, oh my God,
this is, this is, this is going to be it. So the second moment, um,
was the Andreessen with is httpd mosaic browser, browser, the web.
And then the third moment was Karl Jacob. Um, I think he's an investor,
maybe even on the board at Facebook,
but he worked at sun Microsystems at the time. And, uh,
he contacted me, so, okay. May I see what you're doing?
I'm gonna send you a computer. And he sent me a son Voyager,
which is like a portable a luggable with a LCD color screen.
This is now 86, 88, something like that. Um, it was Unix,
which was even crazier. And, uh,
so he started to show me stuff and he actually streamed a song
from his workstation in San Francisco to my computer in, uh,
Montclair, New Jersey. And it played, I had him on the phone here.
I heard him start it. And then it came through and it played on my,
on my computer that I'd never seen this before or heard it. I was like, oh,
broadcast. We can use this to broadcast. And since that moment,
I think that's the mission I've been on. And look at mama,
I have a ride here we are.
That's an amazing story, man. That's cool as.
I love hearing it from someone who was there from the various first steps.
And you're we used to have the yellow pages, the internet yellow pages,
which was a book. I still have it, it was published. It was published.
You can look up everything in the yellow pages. That was the business areas.
That was a business. The yellow pages got. Right? Of course that fell apart.
Here's what happened with newspapers.
Here's where the newspapers up with the news.
When the internet came around and there were, I saw it. Other people saw it,
Craig Newmark saw it. Uh,
and it's classified because they were all holding toity about their advertising
model. But people, they were really making the money off the classified ads.
Everybody knows it. Everybody knew it. And that's what Craigslist, who,
who tried to sell it to Tribune, Tribune or Hearst.
Maybe it was Hearst for just a couple million bucks. And it's like, no,
we're not interested. We don't need it. Not invented here, whatever.
And so he ate up their, their,
their classified business overnight and they were left holding the bag saying,
well, we have cool news to advertise on. Well known. And I'm,
we'll put some in there, but not always about the classifies.
That's where the money came from. Wow. Devorah can tell the story of I'll ask.
I'll ask them to do it on the show.
You can tell the story about Craig Newmark and how they passed on it.
And he's he, he does that very well. The classified ads,
do they even have them? No. Newspapers are gone. Obits.
Dead people is still a good business. Yeah, of course they have some, but no,
not really. How often do you hold a physical newspaper in your hand and read it?
Whenever I, whenever I'm at the airport, I always buy the newspapers. Yeah.
Cause I don't want to be on my phone. Right, right.
And we just read the newspaper.